what are people kelly burke ARB fitness
coming at you again with another video
and i want to cover a topic called basic
body building what is basic about it
well people ask me all the time what
exercise can i do to really make my arms
bigger or what exercise can i do to
really expand my back how do i get my
last to be bigger what exercises do you
think i should do to really create a big
chest or how do I Raymond walk again
such a chest so big what do you guys do
what exercises do you do to bring the
sweep out on your leg man in my quad
what do I need to do to get my physique
to the certain level so what you need to
do is basic body building especially if
you guys are younger if you're older
you've been training for a while I mean
hey keep training away your training a
video I'm not trying to change the way
anybody trains by any means but I
remember I was sitting down to dinner
with Lee Haney after I had won the
running coming classic this past year
2013 and Lee Haney said something that
was so profound I was blown away I was
astonished by what he said he said we
cannot get away from the basic
principles of bodybuilding that brought
us here today basically what he was
saying was for chest you've got the
bench press okay everybody knows the
bench press for back you've got lat
pools or dumbbell row or a barbell row
or the one blank right now the deadlift
of course and for curls you've got the
bicep curl of the shoulders you've got
the dumbbell shoulder press or the
military press four legs you've got the
squat cash calf raises I mean these are
the basic fundamentals in principles and
exercises for bodybuilding we begin to
get away from these exercises we begin
to get away from our basics now again if
you have been training for a while it's
for me take move past these things and
go on to different things
if you suffer an injury or if you found
what works for you better you know like
the dumbbell fly this thing creates the
middle of the chest and things like that
for bidding a big chess but for all
around circumference in the chest if
you're trying to build a chance you just
start working on somebody asking me hey
what do you think I need to do the
builder chest well how do I get that
crease down the middle my chest and if I
look at them and see that they don't
have a chance I'm not going to tell the
man grabbed some dumbbells do some
dumbbell flyes know i'ma tella maybe the
bitch brace do dumbbell press and do
bench press because first Lee Haney said
this to that same night we were sitting
down eating dinner he said first you
have to create the chest he said get a
chest get a chance man do the chance
create a chance and then you can come
back and work on refining the muscle the
same thing with legs if you're avoiding
the squat rack if you're avoiding the
basic principle of how to build the leg
you are killing your training for years
mama I myself have avoided this
quadratic and even when I did squat I
didn't ask why property you can go back
to my videos of a year ago and look at
my splat Foreman would say Kelly your
phone was terrible I had to refine my
squad I had to admit that hey my squat
was bad and when I did squad it was
horrible and when I sometimes I just
came in to be like I'm not gonna do legs
and I was just skip leg days like the
average not the average guy but a lot of
guys that I see in the gym do these are
the basic fundamentals of bodybuilding
guys if you skip these exercises you are
skipping undo it the matter of how
you're doing your body a great injustice
first you have got to conquer these
exercise conquer the bench press get
strong be able to press 315 on the bench
press conquer the squat be able to squat
315 on the bench press again 225 you
know dumbbell presses you know the basic
stuff man curl the bicep curl focus on
curling the military press or the
shoulder dumbbell press I mean back lat
pulls pull-ups guys pull ups and then of
course the deadlift these are all basic
fundamentals of bodybuilding this is
just old-school basic bodybuilding if
you watch the movie pumping are honest
what's a nigga you will see all these
movements and no you will see all these
exercises and you said well that was the
70s nobody trainers like that anymore
you're a lot we're still train like that
it's still the same fundamentals it's
still the basic bodybuilding truth the
basic bodybuilding fundamentals is just
the basics of bodybuilding so ABCs of
the sport man and if you want to be
successful not only in body building or
hitting the stage but have a successful
busy you need to conquer these exercises
you need to be the master of these
exercises and you need to go in there
and blast them and until you do that I
wouldn't advise i would highly advise
you not moving on and going to something
different and reading and trying to
figure out what works better what can i
do them too because i don't like the
bench press yeah you don't want the
bench press cuz you're not strong on it
because you haven't taken the time out
to master the bench press but if you
take your time you pace yourself you go
in there bench every week you're going
to get strong ready you're going to get
better at it you're going to figure out
the right form going to figure out what
works best for you and you're going to
be good at it the same with squat I'll
reify I refine my squat form this year
and my squad is pretty good now I've
gotten a lot stronger and I can handle a
lot more weight and my recovery time is
faster because I focused on it and
that's what we have got to do in the gym
guy with the basic fundamentals of
bodybuilding so let's take it back to
old school man I'm not saying don't do
cable crosses and pec deck and you know
all this stuff man continue to do that
man I highly advise just running and
training but don't get away from what
works don't get away with with the with
the old-school giants of the sport old
school Johnson fitness created for us
and showed us and paved the way and
showed us hey guys this is how we build
a great physique this is this what you
have to do to get there these are the
fundamentals and steps that you need to
take and this is the road to success of
building a great body it was a sad day
man when I had clients role in to train
with me and I had people roll into work
out with me and they couldn't do a
pull-up a sad day a sad day all you guys
are the military you should shake your
head right now cuz yall know you have to
do pull-ups all the time all you guys
have played football at younger ages all
you guys have been working out for years
you know we cannot get away from the
puller that's not less like not being
able to do a push-up you know it's just
horrible okay so let's get back to basic
bodybuilding fundamentals have you seen
my back man I got wings man i do man
it's like a road map back there
they sent in pulmonary to but a lot of
this stuff I built from doing the basics
man pull ups I did pull ups every day
for over a year and a half man and he
created a wonderful back a back that I
can brag about a becket I'm proud of
proud to have a back there when I turn
around in a show people would be like
yeah that's what you want so let's get
back to the basics man basic
fundamentals of bodybuilding the ABC is
a body go all right kelly burke caribee
fitness remember to train hard and shot
my teaser care of your pearl died
bigcartel com and a halogen blah
you